au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int carimagenewpic
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int customborder
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int headerimage
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_dvr_white_24dp
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_edit_white_24dp
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_lock_white_24dp
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_person_add_white_24dp
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_phone_in_talk_white_24dp
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_ring_volume_white_24dp
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int icon
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int roundedbutton
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int roundedbutton_focused
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int roundedbutton_normal
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$drawable: int roundedbutton_pressed
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int Backbtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int action_settings
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int book
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int bookingbanner
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int booknow_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int btn_date
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int btn_expiryDate
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int bulkbill_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int call_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int callback_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int callbackbanner
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int callbackbtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int callbackheading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int callnow_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int contactNumber
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int contactNumtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int contactnumcbtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int cusNo
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int dobtext
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int doctor_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int ediNumber
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int ediNumbertxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int email
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int emailtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int fRName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int firstNamecbtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int firstNametxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int heading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int headingOne
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int home_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int lRName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int lastNametxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int lastnamecbtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutButton
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutPreTime
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutRUName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutRefNum
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutRfName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutRlName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutRpass
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutRpassCon
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutSymptons
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutUName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutcontactNumbertxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutcontactnumber
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutdobtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutemailtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutexpiryDate
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutfname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutgender
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutlastname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutpass
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutpostcode
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutstreet
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int layoutsuburb
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int login_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int loginbanner
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int loginbtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int loginheading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int logout_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int mainScrollView
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int mediNumberlayout
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int nextOnebtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int nextTwobtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int password
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int passwordConfirm
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int passwordLogtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int postcodetxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int reasontext
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int reasontxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int refNumtext
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int refNumtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int regScroll
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int reg_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int regbanner
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int register_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int registerheading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int sectionLog1
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int sectionLog2
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int section_1
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int section_2
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int sectionlogin
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int site
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int spinnerGender
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int spinnerTime
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int streettxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int suburbtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int symptonstext
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int symptonstxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int telecon_btn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int teleconheading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textFirstname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textGender
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textRConUpass
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textRFname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textRUname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textRUpass
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textRlname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textTime
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textUname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textUpass
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textcontactnumber
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textexpiryDate
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textfname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textlastname
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textpostcode
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textstreet
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int textsuburb
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int userName
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$id: int userNameLotxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_book
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_callback
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_confirmation
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_login
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_main
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_register
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$layout: int activity_teleconsult
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$menu: int main
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int PreDocGentxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int PreDoctxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int PreTimetxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int action_settings
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int app_name
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int book_heading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int bookbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int callback_header
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int callbackbtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int callbackbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int callbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int contactNumbertxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int dob
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int dobtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int ediNumbertxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int emailtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int eula_accept
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int eula_refuse
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int eula_title
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int expiryDatetxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int fnameRtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int fnametxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int gentxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int hello_world
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int homebtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int lastnametxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int lnameRtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int login_header
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int loginbtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int loginbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int logoutbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int main_heading
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int passRContxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int passRtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int passtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int postcodetxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int reasontxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int refNumtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int regbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int register_header
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int registerbtn
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int strtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int suburbtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int symptonstxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int telecon_label
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int teleconbtn_txt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int unameRtxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$string: int unametxt
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$style: int AppTheme
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.R$style: int CustomFontStyle
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.BookingActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.BookingActivity: BookingActivity()
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.BookingActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.CallbackActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.CallbackActivity: CallbackActivity()
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.ConfirmationActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.ConfirmationActivity: ConfirmationActivity()
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.LoadingActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.LoadingActivity: LoadingActivity()
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.LoginActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.LoginActivity: LoginActivity()
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.RegisterActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.RegisterActivity: RegisterActivity()
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.TeleconsultActivity
au.com.twoFourSevendoctor.channelDoctor.activities.TeleconsultActivity: TeleconsultActivity()
